Hello, I’m actor Yoo Seung Ho
Question: what did you do yesterday?
Well, I read a book
Nothing special yesterday
Question: is there any special pose that you want to do today?
I don’t have any
I just wanna do the cool pose
but, when I came to the photoshoot set,
the situation and the photographer make me want to do many poses
Question: what is your most memorable travel destination?
I went to Vietnam recently
I loved visiting Vietnam
If I talk about the places that I’ve had visited before
I love Hawaii
It felt like I could only see it on movies
The feeling
The people
The mood
The food? I didn’t remember about the food
That day…
this was happening long ago before my enlistment
But what I loved at that day was…
It was… How to say it
01:21.100 —> 01:24.467 align:middle line:90%
There were so many famous DJs in Hawaii
01:24.700 —> 01:29.900 align:middle line:90%
They made their own stands at the street with 20 - 30 people
01:30.233 —> 01:32.066 align:middle line:90%
They were standing in front of their favourite DJ
01:32.300 —> 01:37.033 align:middle line:90%
Whilst listening to the songs, they enjoyed their drinks
01:37.722 —> 01:40.200 align:middle line:90%
That night performance only for that night
01:40.330 —> 01:43.267 align:middle line:90%
Even though I don’t know how to play
01:43.267 —> 01:50.067 align:middle line:90%
but to see something like that was so interesting and so fun
01:50.300 —> 01:52.330 align:middle line:90%
That was what I remember the most
01:53.000 —> 01:54.000 align:middle line:90%
Where do you want to go in the future?
01:54.767 —> 01:56.500 align:middle line:90%
The place that I want to visit
01:57.267 —> 01:59.867 align:middle line:90%
I want to go to the places that I’ve never visited before
02:01.330 —> 02:03.330 align:middle line:90%
Question: do you always wear this kind of clothes?
02:03.330 —> 02:04.100 align:middle line:90%
This one?
02:14.433 —> 02:05.433 align:middle line:90%
I don’t wear anything inside
02:08.233 —> 02:09633 align:middle line:90%
But I will never
02:11.400 —> 02:14.900 align:middle line:90%
I will never wear this even though I want to
02:15.733 —> 02:19.467 align:middle line:90%
It’s for a photoshoot - I have to look cool
02:21.330 —> 02:23.000 align:middle line:90%
I can tell…
02:24.167 —> 02:27.933 align:middle line:90%
wearing this kind of outfit looks good for a photoshoot. You can feel it
02:28.933 —> 02:30.867 align:middle line:90%
I never wear something like this
02:30.967 —> 02:33.800 align:middle line:90%
I usually wear jeans and t-shirt
02:33.967 —> 02:37.033 align:middle line:90%
Actually, I’m not interested with clothes
02:38.367 —> 02:43.167 align:middle line:90%
I don’t even have interest in buying new t-shirts
02:43.600 —> 02:49.700 align:middle line:90%
I only have 10 - 30 t-shirts
02:50.667 —> 02:57.400 align:middle line:90%
I usually wear the same style but different clothes everyday
02:58.433 —> 02:59.767 align:middle line:90%
But…
03:01.400 —> 03:04.633 align:middle line:90%
I’m not a fashion terrorist
03:05.000 —> 03:07.600 align:middle line:90%
It’s just I only wear the regular clothes
03:07.733 —> 03:10.733 align:middle line:90%
Question: does that mean you’re confident with your looks?
03:10.733 —> 03:12.367 align:middle line:90%
No, no
03:12.667 —> 03:14.833 align:middle line:90%
Gosh. I’m embarrassed
03:17.167 —> 03:19.066 align:middle line:90%
I only have a little interest
03:19.367 —> 03:20.933 align:middle line:90%
Question: what do you think about your looks?
03:20.933 —> 03:22.300 align:middle line:90%
*Falls off chair*
03:22.533 —> 03:24.533 align:middle line:90%
What’s your schedule after today’s shoot?
03:24.533 —> 03:26.167 align:middle line:90%
Have lunch
03:28.400 —> 03:30.733 align:middle line:90%
Then go home
03:30.900 —> 03:33.900 align:middle line:90%
I mean not must but I want to go home
03:34.367 —> 03:35.933 align:middle line:90%
Nothing happens
03:36.933 —> 03:38.933 align:middle line:90%
Question: what will you do at home?
03:38.933 —> 03:45.567 align:middle line:90%
Clean up my room, browsing the internet then sleeping